Today is Saturday.
And Kacchan and Todoroki don't
have provisional license training today, so--
Each group is practicing this afternoon.
We just have to single-mindedly...
...practice to kill!
"Band Team"
I see, that's a great idea!
"Effects Team"
Let's talk to the dance team about it!
Wait, but that means
we don't have enough people.
Midoriya, that's wrong!
Put more muscle into it!
The "lock" in locking is spelled L-O-C-K!
"Dance Team"
So do it like you're turning a lock...
...and stop it with a snap!
Snap!
Looks like no one has noticed yet...
Let's see, I'll make my appearance
with a joke and grab a laugh...
Oh, Togata!
Ribbit.
Eri!
Here's a peach!
Deku.
What? Who's this? Your daughter, Togata?
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
What lovely clothes.
S-S-So cute!
Midoriya,
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
the principal has given permission.
That's a good idea.
But, Aizawa.
That girl has been separated
from society all this time, right?
"Pro Hero - Nezu - Quirk: High Specs"
For a girl like that to suddenly be
thrust into something like a school festival
might be a little too much.
That's why...
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
In order to keep her from
being surprised and panicking,
we wanted to let her
visit once to get used to it.
Eri... I see, you're from the work study!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
I'm Iida! Nice to meet you!
I'm Mineta! I can't wait to
see how you look in ten years.
She's kind of shy, right?
"Eri"
Shy, huh?
So, I wanted to take Eri around U.A.
Midoriya, do you want to come, too?
Huh?
Yes!
Hey, dance team! We wanted to talk about--
Oh, it's Eri!
Hey there! Wait, you don't know who I am, huh?
Then, why don't we take a break?
Let's have teatime!
"Gold Tips Imperial"
"U.A. Festival"
Today's a weekend,
but since everyone's in the dorms,
a lot of students are
still preparing for the festival.
Oh, it's Togata!
"Business Course Student - 3rd Year"
What?! A kid?!
Don't tell me this is why you're
on temporary leave from school...?!
Wait, say something! This makes it seem real!
"Special Lecture"
Putting all jokes aside,
this year's Class I will be amazing,
so make sure you come!
You, too.
I'll definitely go!
This is a really nice flyer...!
Can you get that nail?
Hey, wait! Don't put a poster up there!
Even though there's still a month,
everyone's really busy!
Everyone's trying to do
something cooler than last year...
They're trying to make it "Plus Ultra!"
Oh, sorry!
"Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - Quirk: Steel"
Hey, you're Midoriya from Class A!
What's this, what's this?
"Neito Monoma - Quirk: Copy"
For you to be idling around in a place like this...
You don't have any work to do?
Eri, are you okay?
I thought it was the person
that fell from the sky...
Fell from the sky...?
Oh, you mean Ryukyu.
Oh, are you ignoring me?
You sure that's okay?
I heard Class A is doing a concert or something.
You okay with that?
This time, to put it bluntly,
Class B's performance is going
to be much more amazing than yours!
"Romeo and Juliet and the
Prisoner of Azkaban: The Return of the King."
It's a completely original script written by us,
a super spectacular fantasy play!
You should probably go prepare--
A handkerchief to wipe your tears
when you're blown away by us, that is!
"ahahahaha hahahaha"
"Awase"
He seems to be even nastier than usual...
Sorry, Class A.
"Kendo"
Kendo isn't around,
so there's no one to stop him.
It seems like she always
came as a set with Monoma...
"Yosetsu Awase - Quirk: Weld"
Not today. She's going
to be in the beauty pageant.
Beauty pageant?!
Yeah, she was entered against her will.
I'm not Monoma, but let's all go all out!
Sorry to suddenly show
you the bad parts of U.A., Eri.
Mr. Aizawa didn't say anything
about a beauty pageant.
Speaking of the beauty pageant,
she's also really into it this year.
Who?
"Equipment Room"
Last year's runner-up...
...Nejire Hado, right?
"Nejire Hado - Quirk: Surge"
Hey, hey, why is Eri here?
It's so strange! Why? Why?
How fun!
Nejire is more of a cute type than a sexy type!
That's how she lost last year, remember?
Your Quirk is flashy,
and with your looks and b-b-bo-bo...
"Body proportions."
Even with all that,
you were still only runner-up?!
Yeah, listen to this! Are you listening?
Every year, I keep losing!
There's this other girl who's amazing!
The beauty pageant champion--
Bibimi Kenranzaki, in support course Class 3-G!
"Kenranzaki"
It's kind of amazing!
This year's pageant
also includes Kendo, who gained a lot
of secret fans from being in a commercial.
"Tamaki Amajiki - Quirk: Manifest"
Hado is also going all out.
Just thinking about performing...
in front of so many people...
Oww... Is making my stomach hurt...
At first, I just tried entering
because Yuyu told me to,
but it's pretty fun, and I don't want to lose.
That's why this year, I'll definitely win!
It's my last chance.
You can do it.
Yeah.
Now! Next is...
The support course!
All the grades work together
to put on an exhibition of their work.
I know about this! This is something
that makes a splash every year!
That's right! The school festival
is the support course's time to shine!
Hatsume...!
Wait... whoa!
It's my super cute baby #202!
"Mei Hatsume - Quirk: Zoom"
Oh, you look like you've got dirt on you...
Bathing just seems like a waste of time!
Really?!
Wow!
The sports festival was like a secondary
place for the hero course to show off.
But, this time, we've been given the spotlight!
It's so I can get even bigger companies
to look at my babies even more carefully!
I need to raise them in a
way that doesn't embarrass me!
How did the iron soles work out for you?
If there's anything else,
please let me know right away!
I will, thank--
Baby?!
Hatsume, again?!
Water! Water!
--Hatsume, sorry about that!
--It exploded again!
--Let's go, Eri!
Okay.
"Lunch Rush's Eatery"
Well, that's about it.
Are you used to it...? I mean, how was it?
I don't really know...
But...
...there are a lot of
different people working hard,
so I wonder how it'll turn out...
That's what people call "getting excited."
"Pro Hero - Midnight - Quirk: Somnambulist"
Principal Nezu! Ms. Midnight!
It seems like it was worthwhile!
He's eating cheese...!
I'm also excited about the school festival!
So many students are working hard
and having fun in order to make it the best
and to let people enjoy it!
The police also had stuff to say about it.
Now, Kayama.
Anyway, I hope you all
enjoy it to your hearts content.
Exercise self-restraint and
voluntarily cancel the school festival.
I can't believe the police chief
himself is paying me a visit.
With villains becoming more
arrogant and heroes feeling insecure,
if something were to happen to U.A. again,
we might not be able to stop it next time.
You are quite right.
However--
No, don't put honey out for the villains.
I believe that it is
because of the times we're living in
that the students need this event.
We will make sure it's absolutely safe.
So, please...!
We can't let the future look any bleaker.
I won't tell you the details,
but it looks like the principal worked hard.
As a result, the security is even stronger...
And if the alarm sounds,
even if it's a false alarm,
we had to agree to cancel it and evacuate,
otherwise we can't have it.
That's strict...
Of course, to keep that from happening,
we're also beefing up our defense.
We're even releasing Hound Dog
around the vicinity of the school.
"Pro Hero - Hound Dog - Quirk: Dog"
Releasing?!
Oh, yeah, Class A's performance
is causing a stir in the faculty lounge, too!
Do your best at living your youth!
Yes, ma'am!
Deku, what are you doing?
We're performing a dance
with music! I'll be dancing!
I'll do my best to make it fun for you,
so make sure you come watch!
Sorry, our break's almost over,
so I'm heading off.
Okay! Just so you know,
I'm looking forward to it, too!
And then...
After a week passed...
Midoriya...
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
You're...
...fired from the dance team!
"Mei Hatsume"
"Quirk: Zoom"
"She can see clearly up to 5 km away."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Support Course"
"Birthday: 4/18"
"Height: 157 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Steampunk"
"Yuga Aoyama"
"Quirk: Navel Laser"
"He can shoot a strong laser beam from his bellybutton."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 5/30"
"Height: 168 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Himself"
You're fired from the dance team!
I said fired, but strictly speaking...
...the effects team scouted you!
They said they need more people!
Why me...?
I already told Eri that I'd be dancing...
They want to make it
so Aoyama can reach the whole room...
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
What does it mean for Aoyama
to reach the whole room...?
...but we don't have
large-scale equipment like that,
so they said they wanted a
power-type person to move him by hand.
During the beginning of the performance,
I'm going to transform
from a dancer into a disco ball.
It's the perfect job for me.
I'd like your help.
Which means, I'll just have a smaller part...
Sorry! It'll waste all that practice you put in,
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
but can you do it?
We want to make it even better...!
The audience will get used to it.
When Aoyama turns into a disco ball,
it'll only be interesting for that instant,
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
but I don't think anyone will even
notice it anymore after about a minute.
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
Th-Then, what if the disco ball starts
moving in all directions in the middle?
Oh, that's it!
Great idea, Koda!
If I can still dance,
I won't have been lying to Eri.
If it's to make this into something good...
All right!
Thanks, you're such a man!
Merci!
After class, we have practice
and meetings like this.
I don't have much free time
before the performance.
In that case, my training is...
"Early Morning"
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
It's still hard for you to shoot
consecutively or while you're moving, huh?
You have some internal bleeding.
Cool it down with this.
Thanks.
When I'm trying to exercise so much
more control than I've had to before...
Is there a trick to it or something?
I don't know.
I was just kind of able
to use 100% right away...
All I can say is what I told you from the
start--to create an image in your head.
That's all.
Solidify it with the image and
remember how it feels through experience.
I think all you can do is keep repeating tha--
It's been a while since you coughed up blood!
Even if we both started out Quirkless,
there's a big difference between us.
All Might really is a natural-born hero,
through and through.
I'm sorry! Is anyone hurt?
Hatsume?!
--Oh, I sometimes test my babies around here.
--Wait, isn't this bad?
--To be seen in a place like this...?
Don't worry about it.
Thank you very much!
This baby is a mini third eye...
She's not interested in me at all...
Oh, yeah! Midoriya!
About that new item you
asked me for the other day--
I had a baby that could do something similar,
so I'm customizing it right now.
Once the application goes through,
I'll get it to you right away!
Huh? I thought I said you could
do it after the school festival...
It's like how an artist draws on their breaks.
I've got a base for it,
so it'll be done in no time!
It's like... aw, thank you!
Huh? Where are you going, baby?
Wait!
Item?
Actually, there's something
I want to try with this new move...
I see.
I also tried something like that in the past.
All Might, you used a support item?!
I had no idea!
It was just that even an item made
for 20-30% of my power was bulky.
It would've been fine
if I mainly fought mid- or long-range,
but since I was mainly short-range,
I kept breaking it...
In the end, I chose to fight
with nothing except my own body!
It's been a while since your last muscle form!
Reinforcing your power
with an item is a wonderful idea,
but just make sure you don't
end up relying on it too much.
Not being able to show
their power after losing an item...
I've seen many heroes like that.
Yes, sir!
All right, let's create an image!
This feels really nostalgic right now...!
You're rushing, bastard!
Follow my lead!
But you keep throwing in new
arrangements, so it's confusing.
Jiro, you seem to be born to teach.
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
For a beginner like Kaminari to be able
to learn chord progressions in just a week...!
It's not that amazing.
Anyway, today's tea smells really good!
Can you tell?
Mother sent me this elusive tea,
Gold Tips Imperial.
Everyone, please try some!
I don't really get it, but thanks, as always!
I don't really get it, but that's so bourgeois!
"mutter mutter mutter"
All Might with an item,
All Might with an item, All Might with an item.
--I'm such a failure for not
knowing about that rare Might.
--Deku, you're not going
to drink Yao-momo's tea...?
--I'm such a failure for not knowing about that rare Might.
Is there merch? Pics...? None.
Maybe it's in a video?
All Might with an item, All Might with an--
"[Crime Announcement]
On that day, history will move [Official Start]"
Shoot, I tapped on it!
Gentle Video.
Dear listeners, what kind of tea
do you drink at what times?
Before and after a job,
--A video about tea? Perfect timing! Here.
--I always choose the brand
based on the size of the job.
Thanks.
And this one is called Royal Flush.
Do you know what that means?
That you're cool because
you have discriminating taste?
In the next video I put out,
an alarm will sound, not just to
my dear listeners, but to all of society.
Please wait with caution!
That's short.
This person...
"[Crime Announcement]
On that day, history will move [Official Start]"
Is he famous?
People don't seem to like him much, though.
I only kind of know who he is,
but he's a villain who's kind of famous
in certain circles for causing trouble.
It's kind of amazing that
he's been putting out these videos
but hasn't been caught yet, though.
I wonder what he's planning next...
Gentle, this is bad...
"Villain - Gentle Criminal"
"Villain - La Brava"
You haven't had a tea break in a week.
Are you all right?
Yes.
La Brava,
recently, people have been
full of discontent toward heroes.
This is solely because
they have been acting cowardly.
What they lack is preparedness
for unexpected circumstances.
In short, they don't seem
to realize the crisis they're in.
This is apparent in how they are putting
on a school festival even in these times.
But, but, Gentle,
I don't know how I feel about you getting
children with a bright future involved.
La Brava, this is just a warning.
With my invasion, those future
heroes will also become stronger!
So it's because you are truly anguished!
You're so cool, Gentle!
Now, let us go over the route
we'll take to get in, La Brava!
Open the Criminal Folder!
It won't open...
Sorry, I locked it.
Right-click there...
This main road has the fewest number
of hero agencies and the least traffic.
On the day of, at 5 a.m.,
we will enter a side road here
and continue on toward U.A.
You won't use your Quirk, then?
No, because there are heroes
who patrol the skies.
After a while,
we will reach a large nature park.
Once we get through that, we'll be almost there.
If we go carefully without making any sound,
it should take 60 to 65 minutes.
And then, after that... Can you see it?
There's an old house standing
in the shadow of a hardware store.
Yes.
This house is a café.
You will not be enjoying
your cup outside, as usual?
That's risky!
The owner is past 70 and just barely getting by.
In the first place, no one notices
that it's a place of business,
and there are only five or six regulars.
But, La Brava, I must drink it there.
Because this café carries
the elusive tea, Gold Tips Imperial!
Don't you think it's fitting
for the big job we're doing this time?
How wonderful...!
And because of the owner's advanced age,
it opens early, at 7 a.m.
We can have a 90-minute teatime
if we get there right when they open!
This is more research than you usually do...
After that, we go back to the side street
and past the construction site
where a slightly elevated mountain
surrounded by forest will appear.
Once we climb that...
...we will arrive at U.A.
Most likely, Hound Dog, who excels
at sniffing out the enemy, will be on guard.
Once we get to the forest,
we must first rub dirt and leaves
over our bodies to hide our smell.
And for the crucial school grounds--
There is a sensor-style
security system called the U.A. Barrier
that covers its expansive campus.
That's where I come in, right, Gentle?
"Her house key"
I'll infiltrate U.A.'s internal network
and secretly disable the sensors!
Because to be frank,
I'm a professional hacker!
I really have a wonderful partner.
La Brava, I am truly grateful to you.
Oh, stop, Gentle!
I love you, Gentle!
La Brava. I mean it.
For my dream...
I learned to use technology
to debut my video, but I was bad at it.
But no one even looked at it,
and the rare comments I did get were harsh...
"It's so boring I can't even lol"
"Right?"
"world's worst video"
"It's a waste of time!"
It's only been viewed 56 times!
But it's already been a month...
That bell signaled the end of my gloomy days.
I couldn't hold back my feelings...
...so I hacked into
your account to get your address.
I'm a huge fan.
I will help you carve your name... into history!
My... first fan...
At first, honestly, I was afraid...
So afraid that I was careless.
However, when it became the two
of us scheming and editing together...
...my videos got more views in no time!
"[800,000 yen in damages]
Tried going to a big bank [Lottery Con]"
"35,512 views"
La Brava!
I am betting the mustache I'm so proud of
and my soul on this scheme!
For the sake of the world,
for the sake of others, for the sake of my dream--
And to respond to your feelings!
Gentle!
La Brava!
I love you! I love you so much, Gentle Criminal!
I love you, too, La Brava!
I will make this succeed...
No matter...
No matter what...!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
It's finally time for the
U.A. school festival to start.
Early in the morning, I leave to go
buy some supplies for our performance.
There, I have a fateful encounter
with a certain person.
He said,
"You'll ruin the aftertaste
of the Gold Tips Imperial."
Next time, "Deku vs. Gentle Criminal."
Stop already. Don't lay a hand on my school!
"Next time: Deku vs. Gentle Criminal"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!